1. Display the main menu
2. Prompt the user to enter a value between 1 - 4
3. If the user entered 1
    3a. Prompt the user to enter the information of the book they would like to purchase
    3b. Search by title of book
    3c. Subtract the amount of the book purchased from the database
    3d. Validate that the quantity purchased is not greater than the amount on hand
    3e. Delete the book from the database if the book was found and the database had enough books
    3f. Display the information, including the total, sales tax, and total with sales tax
    3g. Ask the user if they would like to process another transaction
4. If the user entered 2
    4a. Prompt the user to enter a value between 1 - 5
    4b. If the user entered 1
        4ba. Ask the user what the title of the book was
        4bb. Search the database for a book with the same title and display the information if it's found
    4c. If the user entered 2
        4ca. Ask the user for the ISBN, author, title, publisher, date, quantity, cost, and retail
        4cb. Using the information given, add the book to the database
    4d. If the user entered 3
        4da. Ask the user for the title of the book they would like to edit
        4db. Search the book list by the title of the book
        4dc. If the book was found, prompt the user what they would like to edit about the book
        4dd. Get the user's information and update the book in the book list
    4e. If the user entered 4
        4ea. Ask the user for the title of the book they would like to delete
        4eb. Search the book list by the title of the book
        3ec. If found, remove the book from the book list
    4f. If the user entered 5
        4fa. Return to the previous menu
5. If the user entered 3
    5a. Prompt the user to enter a value between 1 - 7
    5b. If the user entered 1
        5ba. Display the information of every book in the database
    5c. If the user entered 2
        5ca. Display the information of every book in the database
        5cb. Total up the wholesale cost of each book and display it to the user
    5d. If the user entered 3
        5da. Display the information of every book in the database
        5db. Total up the retail cost of each book and display it to the user
    5e. If the user entered 4
        5ea. Sort the database by quantity
        5eb. Display the books in order of greatest to least
    5f. If the user entered 5
        5fa. Sort the database by wholesale cost
        5fb. Display the books in order of greatest to least
    5g. If the user entered 6
        5ga. Sort the database by date
        5gb. Display the books in order of oldest to newest
    5h. If the user entered 7
        5ha. Return to the previous menu
6. If the user entered 4
    6a. Write any changes to the database
    6b. Exit the program
